EU and Eurozone as a source of impoverishment for its Member States.
EU is taking from countries more than it is giving them back.
The rich Luxembourg receives too much money from the EU budget.
NATO membership equals a loss of independence and national sovereignty.
Russia is right, EU, NATO and US are destroying Europe.
There are mass protests againstthe EU and NATO across Europe.
Russia does not currently present a threat to Finland and, therefore, Finland should avoid provoking Russia by joining NATO.
Country has been pressured by the US to apply to the alliance and that a majority of Finns oppose the NATO membership.
Progressives and the Left are aiming at changing the ethnic composition of European countries. (great replacement theory).
EU’s migration policies are a threat for Europe.
It was NATO that incited Ukraine to war and posed a threat to Russia, so the invasion was only an act of self-defence.
EU as an enemy that is trying to force Poland to accept thousands of dangerous migrants.
EU/West wants to take/sell our children.
COUNTRY IS A COLONY OF THE EU/WEST OR A NATO LAPDOG.
EU has been stealing country resources.
EU is striving to take away the country’s sovereignty, to destroy its national identity and turn it into a mere vassal state. 
“Brussels bureaucrats” are incompetent, malefic, and driven by an alleged authoritarian neo-Marxist ideology resembling Communist times.
NATO is leading its members into war through its expansion and militarisation.
NATO (or the West) is rejecting peace negotiations and prolonging the conflict.
Refugees are criminals.
Refugees are treated better than nationals.
Minimum pensioner has to move out of her apartment because asylum seekers are coming.
Muslims were made to eat non-halal meals and forced to convert to Christianity.
Dangerous Muslim, the IS terrorist disguised as a refugee.
Jews created the coronavirus in order to paralyze the economy and make financial profit from it.
Migrants want to transform the country into the Islamic State.
Migrants are a threat to European society, culture, and race.
Globalist elite is planning to replace Christian and white Europeans with Muslim migrants from the Middle East and Africa.
The inability of Middle Eastern and African people to integrate into European societies.
Muslims bear responsibility for the most significant COVID-19 outbreaks.
Migrants are only men of fighting age.
Human-caused global warming will not triggered the melting of glaciers.
Current increase in CO2 is trivial compared to Earth's history.
European authorities wish to impose climate lockdowns and fifteen-minute cities, forcing people to drive electric cars and eat insects and lab-made meat against their traditional lifestyle.
Electric cars are dangerous and can explode.
Weather maps are manipulated to inflate climate change.
Climate change is not real and/or is not related to human activities July 2022.
Traditional media spread climate panic through false news and/or manipulated images.
Climate movements are hypocritical and/or foolish.
Renewables, recycling, and electric vehicles are useless or dangerous.
Climate change activists want to ban barbecues/cars/meat/fireworks.
Government’s intentions were not to reduce emissions but rather to seize farmland to construct housing for immigrants.
global warming does not exist.
humans do not contribute to global warming.
Climate change is the conspiracy of global elites.
The EU forces the globalist religion of climate change to impose new restrictions such as climate lockdowns or 15-minute cities. They also want people to eat insects or fake meat and destroy the traditional way of life.
Women and feministsare  being traitors to the nation and foreign influence agents.
Allowing transwomen to participate in women's sports leads to unfair competition.
Istanbul Convention promotes gay marriage and the “third sex”.
Homosexuality is being forced on people.
LGBT people want to legalize pedhophilia.
Preschoolers would be shown porn movies or tech masturbation in sex education classes.
Women should not have public positions.
The World Health Organisation (WHO) and its 2012 guidelines on sexual education being harmful to children.
Sexual education means teaching masturbation to 4-year-olds.
access to abortion even after childbirth in Western countries.
Abortion is extremally dangerous (high probability of death or mental problems).
sex education is the “moral rot of the West”.
Sexual education leads to pedophilia.
Emergency contraception (day after pill) is an equivalent to abortion.
Feminism as a means to oppress men and destroy the natural order of things.
termination of pregnancy law is an attempt to depopulate humanity.
in vitro is a morally questionable procedure that contributes to the death of unborn children.
in vitro children as products that constitute a “gene bomb”.
in vitro children are particularly vulnerable to genetic defects.
LGBTQI+ activists as agents of foreign influence.
There is a link between homosexuality and pedophilia or the destruction of the traditional family model.
dangers of raising children by same-sex couples.
a plan to take children away from good Christian ‘traditional’ families that are poor or do not obey government mandates (such the vaccination mandate) and give them to same-sex couples for adoption.
The EU wants to destroy Christianity and national identity, promoting the ‘LGBTQ+ agenda’.
denialism of sexist violence.
LGBT people are responsible for child abuse and spreading diseases.
Vaccines are unsafe.
Illnesses are a necessary challenge that must be overcome naturally.
Ginger compresses and iron from meteorites can cure covid.
Covid vaccines are not safe for children.
COVID-19 was a lab-made Chinese bioweapon.
COVID-19 vaccines were not properly tested.
Pfizer has not tested whether COVID-19 vaccines inhibit SARS-CoV-2 transmission.
The pandemic is a hoax.
Sars-Cov-2 is not really that much dangerous.
Vaccinated people are prevented to do a series of activities (e.g. driving).
Pcr tests, face-masks and other means to prevent COVID-19 are useless.
Conspiracy theories about depopulating the world/experimenting on people/inserting chips (plandemic).
COVID-19 Vaccines are very dangerous/lethal.
Brutal repression of protests/extreme punishments for non-vaccinated people.
COVID-19 is less dangerous than claimed and that officials used it to restrict peoples’ freedom rights, force them to get vaccinated.
Vaccines are not effective.
The vaccines would make people sick, that they would be “chipped” with the vaccination and thus become “remote-controlled”.
Powerful and influential elite (e.g. Soros, Rothschild, Zuckerberg ...) is using the corona pandemic to further expand their wealth and political influence.
Holy Communion or Eucharist cannot be the cause of the spread of virus.
People are dying after Covid vaccine.
Vaccinated people risk “microthromboses all over their body”.
AMANTADINE (ivermectin, or hydroxychloroquine) IS A MIRACLE DRUG FOR COVID-19.
sanitary restrictions as an authoritarian attempt to enslave (sanitary segregation).
The pandemic was a planned conspiracy of governments and pharmaceutical companies (the so-called ‘plandemic’).
The vaccines contain graphene.
Vaccination process is a mass medical experiment (experimental treatment).
COVID-19 is just flu.
Relatives of virus casualties were being offered money to claim COVID-19 was the official cause of death.
the number of COVID-19 cases and deaths was exaggerated to allow the government to impose an authoritarian regime.
the government needs to report as many deaths as possible to scare people while also getting more money from the EU.
Measures against COVID-19 were very costly and unnecessary, causing high inflation and forcing businesses to shut down.
the EU wanted to impose a dictatorship, forcing people to vaccinate and discriminating based on the COVID-19 certificate.
COVID- 19 being a Chinese or American bioweapon.
the pandemic was exaggerated to help Big Pharma and political leaders to make money.
dangerous side effects of vaccines.
link between “sudden death” and the COVID-19 vaccine.
criticism of Western vaccines in favous of the Russian vaccine Sputnik V.
Soviet countries either joined the USSR voluntarily or are still legally Russian provinces, and their independence is illegitimate. 
Nazism has been thriving in Baltic countries since the end of the Soviet era.
People's lives were better during the Soviet occupation than now.
Democratic transition led to selling out the country.
Ukraine is an “artificial state” that historically belonged to Russia.
Electronic/machine voting technology is a fiction (does not work).
Portuguese government is corrupted.
Finnish (and Scandinavian) officials of systematic misconduct and discrimination against Russian children and their parents.
Country e is poorly managed, experiencing worse inflation and social inequality than other European countries.
The left/liberals are controlling the government.
The country is discriminating/oppressing Russian minority.
Before and since Soviet occupation, country has glorified Nazis, Nazism is alive and well, and even youth are involved.
Country cannot function and exist as a proper state since leaving the USSR.
Country is a ‘beggar’ of the West. (EU funding is required for the country to survive.
Country independence is illegitimate.
“evil elite” secretly controls the world.
Democratic politicians and Hollywood celebrities run an international pedophilia ring (QAnon).
Mainstream media are not independent/neutral/do not have integrity.
The mainstream media helps evil elites maintain control over the population.
Western media is spreading fake news about the war in Ukraine.
The mainstream media consists of like-minded actors who determine the topics of conversation and the right opinion to have.
Media is not objective and that it pursues a certain ideological or political agenda.
Journalists are not independed and they favor government/opposition.
Media favorites political power.
Media and polling agencies distort results in favour of certain political parties.
hidden and powerful society controls major media outlets with the goal of manipulating world events.
Ukrainian nationalists threatened the lives of Hungarians in Transcarpathia.
Slovaks will be drafted to fight in the war.
Russian invasion of Ukraine is justified.
Pro-Ukraine war propaganda (e.g. “Ghost of Kiev”).
Pro-Russia war propaganda (e.g. exaggerating Russian military achievements).
Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky is a Nazi, a satanist, a drug addict, a coward etc. 
Ukrainians and Ukrainian forces are largely pro-Nazi.
Militar, economical and humanitarian aids to Ukraine are useless/dangerous, because of Ukraine’s corruption and unreliability.
Exaggerated russophobic sentiment in European countries (in the Baltics States in particular).
Exaggerated negative economical consequences of the war and of the sanctions in Europe.
Ukraine’s allies are pro-Nazi / exploit Ukraine (e.g. Poland wants to conquer Western Ukraine; U.S. is buying Ukraine’s lands cheaply etc.).
There are secret US biolabs in Ukraine.
The Mariupol hospital was not bombed by the Russians, but Ukrainian forces staged the attack.
Ukrainian forces staged the horrific scenes documented in Bucha.
Ukrainian grain is flooding the country.
Ukraine is a Nazi country and that those Nazi elements have been persecuting the Greek expats community in Ukraine.
Country should prioritize citizens not Ukrainian refugees.
Siding with Russia would secure country's energy independence.
Zelensy is rich (is using money from Wester countries for his own sake).
POLISH CHILDREN ARE BEING KICKED OUT OF CANCER HOSPITALS TO FREE UP SPACE FOR UKRAINIAN CHILDREN.
Ukrainians are more privileged than national citizens, who become second-class citizens in their own country.
Ukrainians take hospital beds and there are not enough such places for citizens.
children are discriminated against in schools because refugees from Ukraine are favoured.
Ukraine as a dangerous and Nazi-filled country.
Ukraine as a threat to its neighbours and provoking the war itself, and Putin as the one who acted in self-defence.
laboratories in Ukraine producing biological weapons.
Helping Ukraine is expensive while imposing sanctions on Russia will destroy European industry.
the invasion was the next step in the ‘Great Reset’ globalist agenda.
Ukrainian refuges are rich people taking advantage of country’s assistance.
Ukraine's constant hostility towards Romania.
Russian sanctions harm the countries implementing them, contributing to a European economic crisis.